Evan Kuo and Lihan Wei
Group 32
CSC 372


1. Our program will implement the tic tac toe game in Dart. We hope to use an ascii interface
that will allow the user to play tic tac toe on the command line against a simple AI bot. To make
the program more "interesting" we can add various customization options such as varying board sizes
or AI difficulty settings. We could also add different settings for the look of the board. For example,
the board could uses X's and O's for one layout but then also have +'s and -'s for another layout.
This is sort of like switching from light to dark mode in an application.

2. We expect our program to not have to use any modules beyond the dart standard library. This is because
we will have our program run on the command line so there is no need for visual libraries or 
any libraries beyond what is provided in dart's standard library. In terms of file layout, we will probably
use an object oriented structure where we have various files that contain the objects that support
tic tac toe (board, pieces, AI, etc). In terms of functions we would probably have functions that support
what each class is meant to do. For example, the AI class would probably have functions related to determining
what move it should make.

3. We expect the program to be about 500 lines of code or maybe less. It largely depends on exactly how it's written
but if we use modularity and are reasonably efficient we should be able to implement this program in a few 
hundred lines of code.

4. We think this program will be a good illustration of the features in our language because Dart is very similar 
to other high level programming langauges such as Java and Python and tic tac toe is a very common 
exercise in those languages. So by doing tic tac toe in Dart we can show that Dart is just as powerful
and dynamic and those commonly used langauges that everyone knows about.

5. We also intend to add as many features as we can in the time alloted. If we have more time then we will of course
try to add more features beyond the ones specified here. 